First off, to start using AWS CodeArtifact,
we're going to need to make sure your user has some access
and permissions set up to allow the right levels of access
to use the service required.
In the first series of demos,
I'm going to show how to allow and restrict access to AWS CodeArtifact in IAM.
Okay, so here we are in the IAM dashboard.
Let's go ahead and have a look at the CodeArtifact policies.
If we search CodeArtifact in the search bar,
we should be able to see two policies,
a ReadOnlyAccess policy and AdminAccess policy.
We're going to use the AdminAccess one,
and the read‑only one is pretty self‑explanatory.
If we have a look at what services this policy allows
us to access within CodeArtifact, we'll see lists,
gets, describes, creates, deletes, and updates.
Pretty standard stuff, right?
So let's go ahead and create our group for our CodeArtifact user.
So let's create a developer group,
and then let's give them the codeartifact policy.
We're going to select the AdminAccess one.
You might use the ReadOnly one for maybe a QA or a tester
who just needs to check over the repo.
And let's create that group, add our user to the group.
Perfect.
Now you should be all set up to go ahead and use CodeArtifact as an admin.
Okay, so now we finished the demo,
I just want to quickly recap over the policies we've seen.
We've see in the CodeArtifactAdminAccess policy,
and we had a quick look at the CodeArtifactReadOnlyAccess.
Next, in this section,
we're going to cover monitoring AWS CodeArtifact actions and events.
These are important to keep your environment secure,
like we talked about earlier, and we can show how to order events if needed.
Okay, so in the next walkthrough,
we're going to take a look at the API call logs in CloudTrail for CodeArtifact.
Let's jump straight in.
Okay, so here we are in the CloudTrail dashboard.
Let's go over to Event history. In here, we can set the
event source to codeartifact.amazonaws.com.
And we can see and hear a list of all the different actions my
user has taken in the past against CodeArtifact.
If we open up one of these, we can see that here I've used the
GetRepositoryEndpoint API, and we can see when I've done it and my source
IP address. We can even drill into this further and see the actual JSON
request that is sent. Super cool and very secure.
Okay, first module finished.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
And we're well on our way to becoming CodeArtifact pros.
Let's have a quick recap at what we just covered.
We had a look at what CodeArtifact was and we gave an introduction.
We had a look at an overview of the service, we had a
look at managing the permissions,
and then we had a look at monitoring the actions. Let's go on and have a look at our next module.